[Chore] v13.0-rc1 release (#445)
serokell/tezos-packaging: docs/systemd.md

configurations can be found [here](../docker/package/defaults/).

Files created by the services will be located in `/var/lib/tezos/` by default.

> `tezos-{accuser, baker}-<protocol>` services can have configurable
> data directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tezos-{accuser, baker}-<protocol>` services have a configurable
data directory.
```

or 

```suggestion
`tezos-{accuser, baker}-<protocol>` services' data directories
can be configured.
```

Otherwise it makes ti sound like a on-off setting for allowing configurable data dirs 🤔

> `tezos-accuser` have configurable node address, so that they can be used with both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tezos-accuser` has a configurable node address, so that it can be used with both
```

> `tezos-accuser` has a configurable node address, so that they can be used with both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tezos-accuser` has a configurable node address, so that it can be used with both
```

? Otherwise I don't understand what's `they` in this

```
./gen_systemd_service_file.py tezos-node
# or
./gen_systemd_service_file.py tezos-baker-012-Psithaca
```
After that you'll have `.service` files in the current directory.

> 

Reviewer 2: The `Multiple similar systemd services` (a few lines below) also needs an update here.

networks.

`tezos-node` packages provide multiple services out of the box:

> `tezos-node-ithaca`, and `tezos-node-mainnet` that run
> `ithaca` and `mainnet` networks respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tezos-node-ithacanet`, and `tezos-node-mainnet` that run
`ithacanet` and `mainnet` networks respectively.
```

> `ithaca` and `mainnet` networks respectively.

Reviewer 3: :fffuuu:

```

In addition to node services where the config is predefined to a specific network

> (e.g. `tezos-node-mainnet` or `tezos-node-ithaca`), it's possible to run `tezos-node-custom`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(e.g. `tezos-node-mainnet` or `tezos-node-ithacanet`), it's possible to run `tezos-node-custom`
```
